Trad fd (#41)
glpi-project/doc: source/modules/assets/tabs/virtualization.rst

Virtualization
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This tab displays the virtualization systems (virtual machines, containers, jails....) associated to a host.

> .. ??? Dans cet onglet, on retrouve tous les systèmes de virtualisation (machines virtuelles, containers, jails, ...) associés à un hôte (host) ou l'hôte sur lequel un système de virtualisation est installé.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The available informations vary from one system to another: for a virtual machine for instance, the informations include name, virtualization system, virtualization model, state, allocated memory, number of logical processors... as well as the name of the physical machine (the host).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The available information vary from one system to another: for a virtual machine for instance, it includes name, virtualization system, virtualization model, state, allocated memory, number of logical processors... as well as the name of the physical machine (the host).
```
